despite the departure of players
important and referents within the
squad of isidro metapán this one
find ready and reinforced with new
pieces for the local competition
as well as international in the league of
champions of the concacaf where
will accompany galaxy and puerto rico-
island air in this fanatics competition
pros has been with the runner-up
national
the national runner-up isidro metapán
continues the hard physical work facing
the two upcoming competitions for
metapán is no stranger to put much emphasis
in physical work since it is
accustomed to the national demand
as an international that's why a
once again those directed by edwin portillo
they prepare for the domestic tournament
as well as for the league of champions
of the concacaf prisoner of the idea I believe
that the tournament's board of directors
earlier that we talked about this
situation we had a good experience
and there that then I think that you
the board of directors is betting on
invest because I think we
we have already had that experience
negative in the first dates in the
first games that we did so
we hope that this championship of the
concacaf and the national we do not have
expected results also very well
man started me very well since the
team every day is getting stronger
much more begin to
when the reinforcements arrive and a group very
happy
and everyone happy because we know we're going
to have again a team
competitive on the jaguar campus it
were several important players is
That is why metapán has been able to reinforce
some important lines
the arrival of nicolás muñoz is a
reality and although it is not quite
recovered sound martins also arrives
to the cement team with the majority
we have shared at some time
we went national so I'm calm
that part I know that attraction is not going
to give in is not going to be a problem for me
apart from that you always serve as a player
which is adapted to the conditions so
we hope everything goes as
now very good and good waiting for that
the lathe starts and we can
start it in a good way since 77
more physiotherapy sessions I have left
right now to work and what it is
the physical part and be able to be for the
tournament is the goal now that it starts
from zero good first earn me a position
there are enough players on the team
of name and with very good quality and therefore
I think it's essential to earn a
put then fight championships and jorge
Ramírez is the other foreign reinforcement
in Uruguay or player that in the last
he has played in Honduran football
Henry Hernandez arrives to reinforce the bow
calero while cristian sanchez and
luis pearl will fight to get a
very quiet place as the group
is acting a lot in the adaptation
to the personal and good trying to
focus on these workouts that are
strong and good to try makes a good
preseason on the court as you
you describe a river game that give a
ball for lost and good at trying to
make many goals forward
forward grateful to the institution
we know that a big team that I
gives the opportunity to be here and you have to
take advantage of it to 100% truth
we know that two glasses are going to be played
and you have to be well prepared and to
we are working in this way
how is another week of preseason going
of the picture jaguar isidro metapán el
national runner-up has party of
friendly character tomorrow to release a
little legs on the court of the
university of the savior meanwhile
they are still waiting for eliseo quintanilla
to finish and finiquite your situation
and be fully incorporated into the jaguar box
cameraman in the shred reported for
mauricio rivas fans